[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna retcon a little and move
forward a little with phantasm three
Lord of the Dead released in 1994 let's
get to it
we opened on the requisite narration
recaps to bring us up to speed they take
us through the first film and then
bookend the second being curiously
cautious not to show Mikey's face this
leads right into our current story which
picks up where that one left off the
Hearst explodes and we find Micah's back
again and we've tied off the pesky Liz
storyline in style and other new
developments Reggie has also lost all
hesitation around firing off the old
quad girl hmm that's some good blastin
surrounded Reggie takes a risky gambit
threatening to blow them all to
smithereens
since the tall man delights in taking
young men whole he backs off for now
retreating to his smoking lounge where
he plots his next attack on Inspector
Gadget
we then find Mike in the hospital in a
coma he heads toward the light where he
meets Jody who confirms you age in the
afterlife still incapable of following
Jodi's recommendations he heads directly
toward the light until he sees a
silhouette of the tall man snapping him
back into consciousness he finds that he
was scheduled for some elective surgery
by this hag nurse and manages to sticker
she then squirts all over Reggie before
birthing an orb from her head lucky for
the boys this is just a peep in orb so
it does its business and carries on they
then go to stock up for the journey at a
house that probably shouldn't exist
given the prior storylines Jody makes a
brief appearance but we find out his
powers are limited to no more than the
plot requires at any given moment and he
turns into an orb before warning them
away just as the tall man shows up they
each failed to repel him and he
nonchalantly retreats with his new
boy-toy
Reggie wakes up and gets back to
searching just like before arriving in
holtsville before long he stops at
Bart's a must-visit for anyone passing
through he comes across some strangers
who get the drop on him and goes for a
nice ride until they find an enticing
home to loot they enter and soon find
themselves in a booby-trapped hellhole
run by this slippery scamp they fail to
take him seriously due to his
lilliputian stature so he demonstrates
that he's not playing games outside he
confirms his familiarity with late-night
Cinemax as he delivers Rufus a hard
ticket to Hawaii and then stares down
the final scavenger trapped in his Tiger
pit before putting one between his eyes
and releasing Reggie they spend a little
time giving the scumbags a proper burial
and marking assuring
this budding psychopath always has a
crime scene to revisit in moments of
weakness that night Tim and Reggie sit
around a crackling fire and share
stories of the tall man the next morning
the scavengers car and bodies are
conspicuously missing Tim demonstrates
his value as a compatriot and convinces
Reggie to bring him along they start at
the Holts Ville funeral home where
Reggie goes in alone and gets
bushwhacked he tries to convey the clear
and present danger but the message
doesn't land until it does and Tanisha
finds herself unencumbered by the burden
of containing blood rocky whips out her
nunchaku x' and takes her best shot
however before finishing the job Tim
strolls in looking like he's going to a
costume party dressed as 1994 and
solidifies his value to the group they
then drive on until they reach an
impasse Tim reveals that the Joad orb is
capable of providing rudimentary
directions leading them to a point where
they pick up rocky somehow anyway
finding nothing but a rural wasteland
ahead of her she agrees to come with
them the next day they're once again
losing their way until they run across
an abundance of evidence that they're
near the tall man bringing them to
Bolton they set up camp outside of town
Jo Dorp visits Reggie in his dreams
where he makes love fully clothed he
takes him to see the tall man who is
working on getting Michael to
voluntarily give up his brain for orbit
occasion when the opportunity arises
they grab Michael and flee this reveals
a connection between dreams and waking
life when Reggie wakes up with Jodie and
Mike at their camp the tow man is locked
in on their energy now requiring Reggie
to do that doorway collapsing the thing
he does so well the tall man only gets a
brief peekaboo of his bulge before
getting shut down his hands stick around
though and get handsy causing a minor
amount of trouble before being handled
and turned they drive into the night
eventually discovering what happened to
the scavengers bodies and car they have
a bit of a back-and-forth before Rufus
displays turd like driving behavior the
altercation has also blown the Cudas
rear tires so they decide to walk to the
nearby a mortuary figuring they wouldn't
be expected to go there so it's safe to
hide they scope things out to make sure
they're alone and they appear to be
although there is a suspiciously active
cryo chamber in the basement which gives
Mike the recollection that the tall man
hates the cold ooh thanks for telling us
now they hunker down for the night and
take shifts on Lookout Mike attempts to
download knowledge from Jody who tells
him what we already know brains to orbs
bodies to slaves and that this is
related to some sort of plan for
conquest the scavengers show back up and
grab Tim while rocky gets to chucking
meanwhile Jodie and Mike check in on the
tall man who senses their presence and
when Mike poops himself he locks in and
arrives he then immediately begins
whatever he had play
for both Tim and Mike elsewhere rocky
confronts Edna beginning with breaking
Reggie's face and then focusing on
punching and scissoring her over the
edge Tim is released when Jody gets a
surge of power and the tow man doesn't
notice because he's distracted by his
hobby lobotomy kit because it's
important to foster new interests Jodie
puts in works spinning off Rufus's head
and then Reggie gives Henri a quad
barrel to the face they busted and put a
nitroglycerin tipped spear into the tow
man driving him into the freeze box but
his inner Orbis capes as if they don't
have enough to deal with this dumb the
only fair enough Mike takes a moment to
explore his body and that's trouble
getting his face flap to look right the
rest of them handle the final or with a
plunger in the dip in the cryo chamber
cursed with golden eyes Mike runs off
the Jody rocky goes her own way and
Reggie and Tim returned to the mortuary
to search for clues
hey found a couple there and big Don
apparently confident in one day
finishing his story ends the movie on a
cliffhanger
hey good for you if you enjoyed the
video I'd love for you to become a part
of the channel by subscribing thanks for
watching
[Music]